Sort Demo - sample application using wxWidgets
(c) 2004 by 'Big Bad Bob' Frazier - all rights reserved


This software is covered by the GNU GPL, see www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html
for details.

In essence, this means it's open source software, and if you use it
as part of your own application, you must make the source files available
as per the GPL.  Use as sample code for writing your own applications is
encouraged; however, outright plagiarism outside of the provisions of
the GPL is strictly unauthorized.

There are no other restrictions on its distribution or use.  You may freely
distribute this application so long as the source files are also made
available to anyone who requests them.

This software comes with no warantees, either implied or explicit.



INSTALLATION
------------

See 'INSTALL' file included with this distribution

Prior to installation, you may have to use the auto tools to create
the necessary files.  To do so, enter the following commands:

aclocal
autoconf
automake --add-missing --copy

You could also run 'autoscan' at least once and do what it says.


PRE-REQUISITES
--------------

This software requires the following packages be installed to build
and to run.

wxWindows 2.4.2 or later
xrc contributed software
wxrc application (contributed software)

For more information on building these, see the instructions included
with wxWidgets.  At some point in the future, xrc and wxrc are supposed
to be made part of the core distribution.  Until then you will need to
find a way to install them.  In FreeBSD, for example, there is a separate
port to install 'contributed' software, and 'development tools' for the
wxWidgets package.  Other systems, such as APT or RPM, will probably have
similar conventions.



RE-DISTRIBUTION
---------------

Re-distribution of this application is permitted according to the GPL,
with additional permission granted as stated below.

No additional restrictions exist.

You may also link this or any derived work with any third party
libraries as you see fit, regardless of whether or not they are covered
by the GPL.  Additional license restrictions, such as the inclusion of
a copyright statement or authorship, may also be applied to a derived
work, so long as the purpose of the GPL is maintained:  that the source
files will be made readily available to anyone who requests them, and
that it remains reasonably possible for the requesting party to build
from source.


